hello guys welcome to my channel if you
haven't yet subscribed my name is marina
I'm from Russia and I'm filming a lot
about how I got into the United States
I'm traveling all over the world and
learning all these different languages
so today I'm going to tell you how I got
into top 5 American universities two of
them provided full financial aid and I'm
going to tell you about that journey and
why I decided to study in the US so if
you're interested please continue
watching so since the age of six I was
pretty sure I wanted to get education
abroad but I was always dreaming about
the UK where I'm actually now but I
realized that the immigration system is
very difficult and it's really
impossible to immigrate a few procedure
education in the UK they don't really
like students immigrating to their
country so I was exploring other options
and once I was sitting down sorry cos
I'm crossing the room and I was sitting
down and you know was scrolling through
my Facebook feed and I saw some article
that said that American universities
provide full financial aid to the
students and I was like really I thought
yes education is so expensive
so I started to dig into it and it was
September and by the end of October I
already knew that I would be applying to
American universities and actually
before that a year ago I traveled to
United States for us
and I fell in love with the country and
because I studied economics especially
back in Russia
I thought America is the best place to
study economics this is how I realized
United States would be the best place
for me to do my master's degree or MBA I
wasn't really sure if it should be a
masters or MBA so you know I just
started googling programs but the most
important thing for me was to get useful
financial aid so there are several types
of financial aid that American
universities provide the first is
scholarships so just because he is so
cool and had so many achievements to you
in your previous studies so maybe you
were promoted at work there would be be
so several scholarships Thank You
scholarships to those students who have
achieved good results in their previous
studies or achieved good results
work so they were promoted or was some
awards so but it's really competitive so
some universities have a couple of
scholarships but as I said it's really
competitive the first thing you have to
get in and the second thing you have to
compete for the scholarship this is
actually the best type of financial aid
because you don't have to do anything
you just have to be yourself you just
have to be cool and so I was really
getting a scholarship of course but
quite often scholarships just cover a
part of your studies so like part of
your tuition fees and then you still
have to get some money for living for
traveling blah blah the second type of
financial aid is assistantship and this
is I think this is the best type of
financial aid for people want to get
their master's degrees because when
you're doing bachelor's universities
think that you cannot actually give back
so what you do is just consume knowledge
when you're doing your master's MBA PhD
you can actually give
to the University and this is why
assistantships were invented so the
first type of assistantship is a
teaching assistantship this is when you
actually help a professor so for example
you work with a particular press and key
tells hey could you please prepare a
deck for the next seminar or would you
please you know teach students to
purchase all such problem and you help
the professor you would normally work
ten hours a week and normally
assistantships cover everything so your
tuition fees accommodation and they give
you a small stipend so you can support
yourself like get you some food and
travel to the University there is also
another type of assistantship which is
called administrative assistants ship
this is the assistantship that I've had
so
for university and you do some
administrative work for example if your
international student you will work for
you know international admissions
department helping people get through
emails that they get or you know just
doing some administrative stuff and
these assistantships are also very good
in terms of financial aid because you
just work ten hours a week and then you
get financial aid so these are two types
that are the best the third type is a
fellowship this is when you do some
research work that is sponsored by a
university or is sponsored by some
company the ones here to do a particular
research through your thesis and you
include the results into the work you
would be submitting for the fellowship
and fellowships also cover everything
but then fellowships are only available
mostly available to PhDs so master's is
not the best type of program if you want
to get a fellowship so these are three
types of financial aid also in the
United States as an f-1 student you can
work up to 20 hours per week on campus
the campus jobs are not really well
played well you would get like $13 an
hour but that wouldn't compare with an
assistantship you'll be able to cover
your tuition and you will be able to
cover your accommodation by just working
on campus this is something you would
just do full living like living expenses
so ah it took me I think 2 weeks to get
a list of 30 universities I really liked
and I was looking for universities that
do master's marketing and MBA and
everybody told me it's impossible to get
financial aid for MBA but I still
decided to do it so I've applied to
Johns Hopkins University of Florida
University of Tampa wisconsin-madison
University of Illinois and University of
Scranton Scranton University so my top
two for Johns Hopkins
they have masters in marketing program
and University of Florida that does MBA
came up with a with 30 universities and
then I wrote to every single University
asking if they provide free financial
aid because sometimes university would
have this information that what
side but then they wouldn't say the
particular month are you getting so they
would say hey yeah we're going to
provide you with an assistantship but
they would never tell you how much the
assistantship covers so the only thing
that is left to do is you know just
write to them and this is actually good
because connecting with the university
is also very important because for
example in Johns Hopkins I had a
situation when the girl I was sending
emails to and asking about financial aid
she was also interviewing me and during
the interview she was like oh hey Marie
how's it going you know who she is how
many emails just tell me what's your
progress right now so what are you busy
with and this was the easiest interview
ever so yeah after I wrote all those 30
universities I was left with only six
that I've already mentioned and I said
my application process and as I
mentioned I realized that I would be
studying abroad in September but in
America the majority of deadlines are
October or January so yeah it took me
two months to get ready for my GMAT then
I took ten days to pass TOEFL and if you
want to know how by Storyful I already
have two videos on my channel so please
subscribe and watch those videos and I
would also film about passing GMAT
because I scored 700 out of 800 and I
scored 117 on TOEFL and then just took
me a while to prepare all the motivation
letters and there's also a very
important thing to remember that
sometimes you would need a separate
application if you're applying for
financial aid so you would have like two
applications one application for
university and the second for financial
aid so I did everything everything that
was left is just to wait for interviews
every single University invited me to
have an interview Johns Hopkins and
University of Florida accepted me and
they provided full financial aid so
University of Florida gave me a
administrative assistant ship blasts a
scholarship and Johns Hopkins gave me
just a scholarship which covered all
tuition fees and I was already you know
deciding where I would go it was April
and I was so excited I thought maybe
Florida because of the climate because
I'm from Russia and Russia Seoul is cold
and you know raining blah blah so I was
exploring this town of Gainesville on
YouTube
then another great
such a busy road another great thing
happened I set up lingua trip.com got an
offer from 500 startups in the Silicon
Valley and yes I made a decision to
proceed with the Silicon Valley so
actually I moved to California and now I
got my work visa for the United States
but this is a separate topic so guys if
this video was useful and if you're also
applying to American universities and
need financial aid I do some kind of
consultations and if you want this
consultation there would be a link below
and feel free to ask questions I'm happy
to answer no how about challenging this
processes and how difficult it is to
apply to American universities and how
consuming the processes so please let me
know if you like this video please
subscribe to my channel and let me know
if you want me to film about anything
else like lots of other parts of vicious
process so good luck with everything and
I hope you get into the best university
that you're dreaming up bye bye